10 million
That's right.
This lion.
It's nothing strange.
It's just that the nine-bow lock is worth holding.
I bought it for my nephew as a birthday present.
It's nothing strange.
If you don't believe me, you can see for yourself.
The bird is as the Master said.
This jewel lion, but there's a nine-bow lock underneath.
The lion is too small.
There's nothing hidden inside.
There is no missing this pair.
Let's continue the auction.
The current price is 10 million.
Are there any more price increases?
10 million watching you make money like this
All tens of millions plus 10 million and 10 million.
You are poor and in debt.
Two or three rows apart, I smell it all.
If I hadn't been Commander-in-Chief, I would have been here.
A one wow.
That's a hundred million.
What's this not about?
Nothing strange this time.
Why is even sugar missing?
Cousin This Way
Could it be against me?
Mr. Ip, what do you mean?
I was buying stuff.
Maybe this clap will be opened by your Dragon God Corporation.
You're like two lion dog shit. What do you want the jewel lion to do?
You know the jewel?
I also have a nephew.
My nephew also needs to buy some gifts.